for the bottom tab. How can we enlarger animate
a tab on click because we know if the selected
shade changes we could trigger an animation here and just
animated styles. So you can animate Svg elements especies
actually awesome for animating, you can create animated spg
so you can like enlarge it or something. Um
So I think I would do it here but I
think it depends on the like specific animation as well
because a lot of animations are kind of sleight of
hand. So for example a recent animation that I
built was we have a search box at the top
of the page and then when you tap on the
search box, the page kind of fades into the
search page. Right? Which kind of looks like
there's a search page that opens up on top of
your current content but actually what it is, it's
just a murder with a fancy animation. So um
like it will depend on the actual animation, like
how complex it is or how simple. So a
lot of animations would just be over laid on top
of your content. So they give the effect of
something happening. We're actually like behind the scenes is
kind of sleight of hand for network image is how
do we handle high resolution images is receiving different U
. R. L. S for different resolutions.
The only way, yes. Um so usually you
would use um like there are a bunch of different
um like image, see DNS that basically give you
the like image based on the size that you put
in the Ural which is pretty common solution on the
web as well I think. So usually what you
would do, like what I would do is you
get the pixel the density of the device which I
think is in platform where you can get the pixel
density of the device and then you request the image
based on the size that you need to render it
two times the pixel density and then and then basically
you get it so it would be just by different
murals. Um So if you have user generated content
you need to make sure that when the user uploads
the image you do some processing on your back end
to be able to support different images. So if
they upload a like a huge image um you don't
wanna just render it as is in europe. Have
a question why wouldn't we use required code directly in
the image source rather than defining a const outside of
the components? Um Absolutely no reason. Feel free
to do that. Um I think it's just a
habit because the in line requires weren't supported until recently
so my habit is to add that requires um at
the top of the page but there's no reason to
do that anymore. And then can you use import
syntax rather than required to load images? No,
no you can't. So I actually had one other
thing that I just remembered that I wanted to wanted
to share as a tip um If you get stds
from from your workplace or or your designers and you
need to convert them into these stds to use in
your app a lot of the time. The spg
said you get, you get don't look as clean
as this, there's a lot of time, there's
like transitions and it's like g like the group elements
all over the place they don't really need, but
you don't want to update them by hand. So
there's a couple of tools out there that will help
you and one of them, the one I use
is um react native spdr, which has this playground
and basically, so here's an example of an SVG
element and this is pretty typical of something that you
might receive from a designer. You know, it
has all this metadata from where it was generated and
it's got a bunch of G elements and there's some
like a bunch of translations that you don't, I
don't want. And here this actually like gives you
options, it will create the component for you.
So if you wanted to, you could do react
native and whether you want to pass the properties,
so like um like here to the SpG or not
and you can see that it ties it up.
So this whole component turns into this, so usually
what I do because I don't like quite like the
syntax of this is if I get an spg,
I will paste it into here generated, react native
component and just copy this bit uh into my code
. So one thing to note, for some reason
, they all always add this uh X M L
N S property and this isn't a valid property in
react native spG. So after you um copy it
, you'll have to remove it. But that's my
this has saved me hours of my life. So
you mentioned tabs and drawers as the main navigation.
Is there any other navigations or types of navigation?
Um Okay, so we have uh tabs stacks,
you have tab navigation, you have stuck navigation and
then you have models. Um so so there's an
example I have on get up. Um I have
a demo project for that has navigation set up,
which I just, I'll do this. This is
a template project that has a two tab layout with
two models um and a stack navigator. So if
you look at the navigation street here, so we
got the root stack, then we got the bottom
tabs. So you could have these two tabs.
And then we got on the home tab we have
a stack navigator inside it. So if you go
to open second page here, it will open a
page inside your home navigator. And then in the
other tab this is just a tab on its own
. So the other tab looks exactly like our tab
tabs look like, so we don't have anything nesting
inside. And then lastly we have a model and
you'll notice that this model is adjacent to the bottom
tabs rather than inside it. And that's because I
want the myrtle to appear over the bottom tabs and
that's why we need to have a stack Navigator at
the very top level so you could put both of
the bottom tabs. Navigator and the example Murder inside
that. I need to update the TypeScript types for
navigation on here but otherwise you can use this for
reference. So if you look at the she looked
at the template. Source screens. So this follows
the same format as as we did in our workshop
so we have bottom tabs. Navigator modal screen home
tab. So if you go to route Navigator we'll
see that we have so root stack. So this
is a stack Navigator And then it has two things
inside. So you have the bottom tabs which is
most of your content and then you have a model
which is like a full screen modal. So usually
when I build apps this is the format that I
go with, so you have a root stack,
you have a tab and then all of your full
screen models will be here. So you might have
like 20 and then obviously for each other models,
if the Murder itself has a stack Navigator. So
if you can navigate the screens within the model,
like you can do that so you can have the
component B in itself A stack Navigator. Yeah.
And this is a template. So you can you
can try it out if you just in its new
up using this as a template.